# TicTacToe vs. AI
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description: This is my first ever start to finish python project.  I attempted to use as many objects as made sense to attempt to keep the code clean. The computer is pretty smart, it should never allow you to win.  This program needs 4 files to run there is the main file ttt.py which is the general gameplay layout it is simple to read and shows the order of play from start to finish.  then we have three different files which each correspond to an object that is a significant part of the game, I will talk about each of the files bellow, but if you already have them downloaded and want to play a game of tic tac toe, to start the program simply run 'python3 ttt.py' in terminal and the game will commence!

#### board.py: this file contains all the 'board' elements and attributes of the game.  It holds all the infor for who played where by a dictionary that stores the position as well as whether an X or O has been played there. This object keeps track of who's turn it is how many moves have been played as well as at the end of every turn it checks to see if someone made a winning move.

#### computer.py contains all the elements and atributes that pertain to the computer.  Which includes a couple different strategies in which the computer likes to play depending on what stage of the game early game moves and mid-late game moves.In the beginning the computer will allways prefer to take the middle space or one of the four corners.  Once the early moves have been played it then keeps track of whether the computer or the opponent ever gets 2 in a row and will always attempt to win or block  (in that order) whenever it has the opportunity.

#### player.py contains all the elements and atributes pertaining to the player/user.  It gets the move from the user and error proofs the players response to always be a playable space 1-9.  It then takes the players response and puts an X in that position on the board.

#### ttt.py is the main file which brings all the objects together.  It starts by initializing the objects, one for player.py, one for board.py and one for computer.py.  It prints the board, gets the user's move then reprints the board with the user's move, then it gets the computer's move and updates the board.  After every move, it prints a new board, updates move count, and then checks for a winner.  If no one wins, the game ends in a draw.